
Overview

IDBI Bank is proud to be associated with the naval branch of the Armed forces of India 'Indian Navy'. Our Bank wishes to offer the best of services to those who offers nation protection and also plays crucial role in providing humanitarian relief.
IDBI Bank Indian Army Salary Account Features

    Zero Balance Account-Zero balance account can be opened
    Debit-cum-ATM card- Usage of IDBI Bank ATM network free of cost also usage of any other bank's ATM for domestic as well as international transactions free of cost - subject to RBI regulations as applicable from time to time
    Demand Drafts and Pay Orders- We provides concession in Demand drafts and pay orders
    Salary Accounts with flexi fixed deposit facility- Salary savings account with Flexi Fixed Deposit facility allowing a sweep out to fixed deposit from salary account

    Hassel free banking- We have specialized representatives for our preferred customers to execute your banking needs more easily
    Free Alternate Channel banking facilities-Internet banking, Phone banking, Mobile banking, Mobile payment service and Account alerts. Free Bill pay, on-line tax payments, funds transfer on your savings account and much more through Internet Banking
    Electronic Fund Transfers facility- Card-to-Card Transfer facility using the Visa Money Transfer Service are available within this account
    Personalised Advisory Service- We offer Investment Advisory Services


IDBI Bank Indian Navy Salary Account Advantage

Some of the benefits that you are entitled to as an employee.

    Multi city at Par cheque books per quarter
    24x7 conveniences at no charges
    Electronic Fund Transfers across all branches
    Lifetime Unique Account Number.
    Access to any branch free of cost for Cheque deposit, account to account money transfer, cash withdrawal and cash deposit

How To Apply

Get a Indian Navy Salary Account in 3 easy steps.
01. Get In Touch

Call on our Phone Banking numbers Toll Free -
1800-209-4324
1800-22-1070 (24x7 service)
02. Visit Our Branch

Visit the nearest branch.
Find the Nearest Branch
03. Receive a Call Back

Our representative will contact you at the earliest.
