
Overview

IDBI Bank is proud to be associated with India's most prestigious and the largest component of the Indian Armed Forces 'Indian Army'. Our Bank wishes to offer the best of services to those who offers the nation protection and ensures peace and security within its border.
IDBI Bank Indian Army Salary Account Features

    Debit-cum-ATM card-Usage of IDBI Bank ATM network free of cost sage of any other bank's ATM for domestic as well as international transactions free of cost - subject to RBI regulations as applicable from time to time. Free international Debit cum ATM card which can be used for cash withdrawal as well as for shopping.
    Hassel free banking- We have specialized representatives for our preferred customers to execute your banking needs more easily.
    Free Alternate Channel banking facilities- Internet banking, Phone banking, Mobile banking, Mobile payment service and Account alerts. Free Bill pay, on-line tax payments, funds transfer on your savings account and much more through Internet Banking.

    Electronic Fund Transfers facility- Card-to-Card Transfer facility using the Visa Money Transfer Service are available within this account.
    Personalised Advisory Service- We offer Investment Advisory Services and Free facility of setting up of standing instructions.
    Insurance cover- Accidental Insurance and purchase protection at Bank's cost.


IDBI Bank Salary Account Advantage

    Multi city at Par cheque books per quarter
    24x7 conveniences at no charges
    Electronic Fund Transfers across all branches
    Preferential rate for safe deposit lockers
    Access to any branch free of cost for Cheque deposit, account to account money transfer, cash withdrawal and cash deposit
    No charges and no minimum balance accounts for the family members of Army Personnel

How To Apply

Get a Indian Army Salary Account in 3 easy steps.
01. Get In Touch

Call on our Phone Banking numbers Toll Free -
1800-209-4324
1800-22-1070 (24x7 service)
02. Visit Our Branch

Visit the nearest branch.
Find the Nearest Branch
03. Receive a Call Back

Our representative will contact you at the earliest.
